Add additional documentation steps for setup (#24)
deptagency/algomart: apps/cms/README.md

## Initial setup

> Once the environment variables have been added to the `.env` file, you'll want to create a new Postgres database named `algo-cms`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the environment variables have been added to the `.env` file, you'll want to create a new Postgres database with the name specified in the `.env` file.
```

When you first spin up the app, you'll see only text rendered in place of images. There's an extra step needed in order to make these files available.

1. Navigate to the local CMS, which defaults to http://localhost:8055
1. Log in using the username and password you specified in `config.local.json`.
1. In the local CMS, go to Settings (the cog wheel)
1. Go to Roles & Permissions
1. Click on the Public category
1. At the bottom of the table, click on System Collections, which will expand the table
1. Navigate to Directus Files
1. Click on the second icon (the Read column), which will open a dropdown
1. Select All Access

Then go back and refresh, and you should see images!

### 2. Add token for user

In order for the API to connect to the CMS, the Directus key needs to be inputted into the CMS:

1. Go to your profile (the icon at the very bottom left)
1. Scroll all the way down to Token, under Admin Options

> 1. Paste in the desired API key (has to match `CMS_ACCESS_TOKEN` in web)

Reviewer 2: I don't see this env var. I do see `CMS_API_KEY`

Reviewer 2: oh `CMS_ACCESS_TOKEN` is in `services/api/.env`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Paste in the desired API key (has to match `CMS_ACCESS_TOKEN` in services/api/.env)
```
